This package, noweb-extras, was created by Joe Riel <joer@san.rr.com>.

Filters:

The included filters are copyright 2005-2007 by Joe Riel.  They are
free software; you can redistribute them and/or modify them under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; version 2 dated June, 1991.

They are distributed in the hope that tye will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this package; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
02110-1301, USA.


knoweb.sty:

The included LaTeX style file, knoweb.sty, was written by Joe Riel
<joer@san.rr.com>.  It is based on noweb.sty, which is part of Noweb,
available at

      http://www.eecs.harvard.edu/~nr/noweb/dist

Noweb is copyright 1989-2000 by Norman Ramsey.  All rights reserved.

Noweb is protected by copyright.  It is not public-domain
software or shareware, and it is not protected by a ``copyleft''
agreement like the one used by the Free Software Foundation.

Noweb is available free for any use in any field of endeavor.  You may
redistribute noweb in whole or in part provided you acknowledge its
source and include this COPYRIGHT file.  You may modify noweb and
create derived works, provided you retain this copyright notice, but
the result may not be called noweb without my written consent.  

You may sell noweb if you wish.  For example, you may sell a CD-ROM
including noweb.  

You may sell a derived work, provided that all source code for your
derived work is available, at no additional charge, to anyone who buys
your derived work in any form.  You must give permisson for said
source code to be used and modified under the terms of this license.
You must state clearly that your work uses or is based on noweb and
that noweb is available free of change.  You must also request that
bug reports on your work be reported to you.
